---
title: travelers
publishDate: 2024-10-02 00:00:00
img: /assets/dest1.png
img_alt: App Screenshot
description: |
  A backpackers Social Media App
tags:
  - App
  - Features
  - social
---

Discover a world of culinary and hospitality delights with our dynamic Django web application. Designed with the passionate traveler in mind, this platform empowers you to uncover the finest restaurants and hotels, crafting unforgettable experiences across the globe.

Create your profile and showcase the activities you've enjoyed in cities you've explored. Browse our extensive collection of establishments, immersing yourself in rich details, captivating imagery, and insider knowledge. Seamlessly add your favorite restaurants and hotels to your personal profile, sharing your treasured discoveries with your social circle.

Whether you're a seasoned traveler or an aspiring adventurer, our platform puts the power of exploration at your fingertips. Unlock a world of gastronomic adventures, uncover hidden hospitality gems, and connect with like-minded travelers who share your zest for discovery. Experience the joy of travel like never before, with our intuitive and feature-rich web application.

Features
Restaurant Listings: Browse a comprehensive list of restaurants, including their names, addresses, and descriptions.
Photo Gallery: View photos associated with each restaurant and hotel to get a visual sense of the ambiance and cuisine.
User Profiles: Create a personalized profile, add travelers, and share favorite restaurants and activities.
Activity Listings: Discover various activities available in different cities, along with their descriptions.
Hotel Listings: Explore a curated selection of hotels, including their names, addresses, and descriptions.
Models
Restaurant: Represents a restaurant entity with attributes such as name, address, and description.
Photo: Stores URLs of photos associated with restaurants/hotels.
Traveler: Represents a user's traveler with attributes like name, description, and age.
Activity: Represents an activity in a city, linked to a specific traveler.
Hotel: Represents a hotel entity with attributes like name, address, and description.
Technologies Used
Django: A high-level Python web framework used for rapid development and clean, pragmatic design.
HTML/CSS: Standard technologies for structuring and styling web pages.
JavaScript: Used for interactive elements and enhancing user experience.
Bootstrap: A front-end framework for developing responsive and mobile-first websites.
SQLite: A lightweight relational database management system used for storing application data.
Python: The primary programming language used for backend development and business logic.
Git: Version control system for tracking changes in codebase and collaboration among developers.